

you all just treating Hollywood and music industry like they are Disney land when both are problematic as hell

They re starting to include my name in the music industry memes this is better than 30 for 30 JWETT

I m real glad endorsement deals are starting to circulate in the music industry

If olamide endorse you for this music industry either by feature repost or signing and you no blow walai u no need help you re just lazy

YBNL is taking over Africa music industry. Olamide is GOATed

So i really want to vent and talk about the current state of our music the artists and all but i cant because i know most personally and they d take it personal ‍ ️ then i just shush in a corner ...i really want our music industry to be an actual industry ‍ ️i want to see it grow

MUSIC INDUSTRY NIGGAS BEEN STALKING ME SINCE SONIC DAYS LMFAO keeping an eye on my coins. Are u dumb or stupid

It will open panel for our artist the grow more and enlarge them self considering my statement and enforce not looking for no credit music industry military

Let s claim it. Isigaw Mo is the banner song for PPop. The lyrics amp choreo just distinctly depicts the goal the skills amp the work put into bringing Ppop in the forefront of Pinoy music industry globally.

Will be talking about the state of the music industry and how it may take advantage of web3 soon with GenMusicNFT Recently Spotify posted looking for web3 engineers. What are your thoughts on this MusicNFT MusicNFTs NFTCommunity NFTs NFTmusic NFTCollection

Are you a musician left frustrated by corporations taking your earnings and algorithms hiding your content from your fans The music industry is rigged. We are fixing this via a new facility to increase earnings and create real connections. DM ME TO JOIN THE REVOLUTION

Been seeing Tweets about Ndigbo suffering tribalism in Lagos and not getting accepted in the music industry Truth be told it seems we were left behind when musical prowess was being shared. Our brothers must work on their sounds those with good sounds will be accepted for sure

Now playing Everybody That You Love by Bomb The Music Industry

If I had a penny for every time I heard What do you think of the UK music industry right now

To music industry stay away from me ️I m dun ️no face viewing no love ️ y all said to much on internet Bruno mars I m looking the other way by ️

Only Olamide can pause his career to promote an artiste. Look at Asake he s doing big already. If you don t rate him then you know nothing about the music industry

You can have a degree today and the next day someone else will have same degree you can create a record that people will find difficult to break no body has broken Jackson records in music industry till date

To music industry y all all this bootie music where is god in this music One minute you spitting about god then next minute you shaking ass what you call that Hypocrites

WHEN WILL I BE NOMINATED FOR A GRAMMY IS IT BECAUSE IM AN ARAB HUH WHY DON T YOU GIVE ME ONE FOR MY ACCOMPLISHMENTS IF MIXED FEELINGS PT 2 U AINT LIVIN THAT DUBAI LYFE ISNT NOMINATED FOR A GRAMMY I WILL NO LONGER BE SUPPORTING THE MUSIC INDUSTRY P.

Orisirisi take about the Nigeria music industry lol.

Yoruba owns the Nigeria music industry. Igbo own Sports Comedy and Movie industry. Hausa owns politics. It s shared.

Nigeria music industry is in a safe hand with the likes of .. Fireboy Rema Joeboy Omah lay Buju Tems and Fave . You can actually love them without comparing any of them to each other. ️

Being in the music industry is going to be hard I know people that would do anything to get what they want it s known for girls to do horrible horrible things in the music industry because it s the only way for them to actually make it it s an documentaries a female artist havin

Asake was prepared for the music industry the guy came ready

The competition in the music industry nowadays is something else

Aside in the music industry davido has left foot prints in the sands of this generation to be remembered in many more to come.

summary of hannah montana seasons 1 my dream is to be a pop star 2 i am literally a pop star 3 the music industry is at my feets 4 i realized the manipulation on disney and I m really done whit this shit

Btw OAU and Unilag which school has produced stars in the music industry

Aisa kanun laya her koi 14 to 18 years vergin wemen all languages make with 2x 3x with normal film serial dance music indusy drama airhotess pilot industry me chance behot muskil hai sobkuch mere faida ke leya law tyer kea

Becoming one of the biggest names in the music industry isn t easy but I go run am. And e go loud Cos I m Greasy .

Every time I see or read anything about how shit the music industry is and how it s getting EVEN WORSE I just get super depressed. PLEASE buy my music. I want to be able to keep all my music up everywhere but that costs money I desperately need. I m not gonna lie musicians

taylor swift is the music industry DefendTheThroneLegions SPCiansIgniteTheFire SPCMetanoia SPCIntramurals2022

HONESTLY speaking 9ja entertainment especially the music industry is the only reason am still proud to be a NIGERIAN

The podcast space is starting to feel just as over saturated and watered down as the music industry

You may not know this but besides Nigeria amp South Africa the Kenyan entertainment music industry is way ahead of the park in Africa.

Kiss Daniel Burns boy Fireboy The three best lyricist in Nigeria music industry

P.H.A.W.I.P NEW POLITICAL PARTY PRODUCE RULES ACT 2022 ALL INDIA ALL THE STATE amp WHOLE WORLD ALL THE COUNTRY ALL THE STATE FILM INDUSTRY SEREALINDUSTRY SORT FILM INDUSTRY DANCE INDUSTRY MUSIC INDUSTY VIDEO SONG MAKING INDUSTRY TRANSFER ALL TAKE ACT WEMEN CHANCE PRANTICKPVL

the way Itzy saved the music industry with voltage

Sick to death of dishonest people and there are SO many of them in the music industry. Being the partner of a musician who has had to deal with so many has really opened my eyes to the fact and stripped me of my naivety.

The Nigerian music industry will never forget the Wizkid VS Davido era.

Every creative endeavor has created billions in wealth. Music Painting Writing have all created so much wealth but not Dance. Dance is not an industry yet. Why

Global Music Industry Figures Lined Up For Output Belfast Q Radio CathedralQuarterBelfast

how can Rosie not posted everything and just be lowkey about her connections.... i mean her connections is so incredible. biggest name in both Fashion and Music Industry a lot Top Model friends. and now she s hang out with Spotify Vice President. girl I envy you....

That tweet is not a shade it s a reality if you re Igbo born and raised in Lagos your chances of making it in the music industry is very slim.

So i did my experiment yall amp i had way more energy than i would when listening to the industry music .

If music industry was just by talent Burnaboy and Fireboy will be at the top in Nigerian music then others follow but it isn t

music4d_soul marchingband_mx Hey retweeted your music to help you get some plays. I ve also got a few music industry people that I know. Checkout link from my profile bio take a look if you re looking to get more exposure.

Don t limit Yoruba people s success in the music industry to Lagos being the entertainment hub nothing stops an artist from another region that blew up in Lagos from grooming talents in their region and carrying them along in that same Lagos but how many has done that

Why there is hardly any established women music directors in flim industry Kollywoodcinima Bollywood tollywood mollywood movies ThalapathyVijay AK62

Every single time I come on this app it s always talks on the music industry you guys no get anything else talk about Kmt

Olamide understands the music industry so well. What a legend.

Everybody for Nigeria music industry dey collect left and right

Twitter is more like our music industry a lot of competition so hard to get a hit and you can t be loved forever

i m doing sm music industry stuff right now i m in an amazing mentorship programme run by a girl from WarnerMusicU and apart of fantobandd virtual street team

i just got the Communities tab on twitter it would be very cool to have a community for queer women in the music industry

When it s comes to Rap in Nigeria music industry no one touching YP except Blaqbonez

if yoruba carry the nigerian music industry who owns nigerian football

Rosé building connections in the music industry makes me smile

With all the connections with people from the fashion and music industry I m sure Rosé is gonna be in very good hands when she leaves yg

ur a company stan YEA UR RIGHT it s almost like i m going to school to work in the music industry or smth

Has the music industry forgone poopy fake news too far

More than ever I understand Everyone has their time and season better ....I mean Asake asakemusik have been putting in the work to blow in the music industry for a while now and boooom here he is.....he fvcking has a song with Burna already....madddd

I want to share what I really think about some artists in the music industry but I don t want to be dragged

Are Yorubas who listen to music more than the Igbos who do Why do you think a Yoruba artist who you say has no talent will make it bcoz of the audience and the Igbo guy won t Don t you think that is more about the people consuming it and not an industry bias

Music industry needs to do more to highlight role women play in that industry. I only knew when Nobesuthu Mbadu passed on that she had composed some of the Mahotela Queens hits. From outside music industry looks too masculine. That needs to change. Give ladies their due.

Always remember this in music industry No permanent friends and no permanent enemies music

damn rosé s connections in the music and fashion industry is INSANE. if only yg let s her go she s going to make even bigger waves in both music and fashion.

Honestly speaking I understand where Shane Eagle is coming from with the tweet especially in the music industry.

Lemme guess you make Music but it does bad so you blame the industry

Getting a situation going for yourself in the music industry is not like getting a job. There s no applications instead you have to make something happen for yourself and do your best to maintain it.

If I succeed break into this Music industry whunna go hear am

I would love to work for NICKIMINAJ but not in the music industry

Don t compare prime Kizz daniel to any in the music industry

everyone music industry so tiring. i always try figure out how become etsy king instead

What do you think of Pakistani music in general these days it looks like the industry is blossoming again isn t it

Now Playing Lushes Shed Weight from Service Industry music

only a bts comeback can save the music industry now

The History A thread Over the last 6 years I have expanded my horizons and adopted various roles within the music industry. 1 n

This music industry instigates rappers beef cause they gonna get paid either way if they die or not

Sometimes I wonder what you have to do to be in the Artiste of the year category Mr Drew clearly deserves this award Hits by hits ever since he turned up in the music industry 3musicawards vgma23 mrdrewofficial

Yo I don t think Mfers real understand what s going on here bro. A mf from the trenches started from the basement to Forbes magazine. Like bro is disrupting the music industry logistics and the metaverse world with his digital clothing brand.The hands down. Man what lildurk

unpopular opinion Tictok FUCKED our music industry over tictok MusicIndustry let me know your thoughts

the music industry has been so dead i ve been wondering whether music is even cool anymore

music industry students are so fine bro

TIA FACTS Tia debuted in the music industry at the age of 8 as an English tutor on children TV shows.

adam levine is the jake gyllenhaal of the pop music industry

I think what people forget is that the music industry shit is not real. It s like a movie. When ur At that level of fame mgk anything happening isn t a representation of like what s actually going on it s all performative entertainment for casual music fans

Hip Hop is so young in the music industry that all it can do is just grow and evolve constantly

Being an independent artist amp so new to the music industry way he has been spreading his wings always feel so proud MewXเวลากามเทพ MSuppasit

Has the music industry forsaken ugly memes too far

Hire me to do music things I have learned a LOT in my classes on my own and through conversations w my music friends what I would really like is to learn hands on bc that s the best way to really understand and grow within this industry both relating to business and friends

ATTENTION ARTIST If you serious about getting in the game and want to shoot a video GET AT ME PhantomFilms Music Movies Studio Industry Quality Professional sets equipment. DM budget for quote TTO T_O_P .

As much as i hear and listen to stories of artists getting ripped off by the music industry that i can t wrap my brain around why they still get into it

I want to write a book about charli_xcx . Not simply because I m a fan... but I think even the Angels miss how much she has altered the music industry. Like she fucked it up since TrueRomance She and her collaborators amp producers created a genre Let s do this

i have a lot of respect for alec benjamin fans because they can put up with the most annoying voice in the entire music industry

My take on this This is such a smart move. TikTok knows how much power they have over the music industry and it only makes sense for them to embrace their role in the space super excited to see what they re gonna do with this tiktok_us TikTok

Blockchain Thoughts It will clear up confusion in the music industry. Royalty goes to the artist instead of getting held up by 3rd 4th 5th parties. MusicNFTs

ATTENTION ARTIST If you serious about getting in the game and want to shoot a video GET AT ME PhantomFilms Music Movies Studio Industry Quality Professional sets equipment. DM IceColdd_ budget for quote TTO T_O_P

the music industry deserves jailtime for the way it fumbled coco jones and keke palmer s careers .the colorism is RAMPANT

I m getting tired of people saying dojas not a rapper like sorry she doesn t give us the same boring ass rap and she s always switching it up her music is so versatile i just know she s gonna dominate the music industry for the next decade