

Starship is the King of rockets Tesla the leader of cars and Coin is the king of BSC. GHC .

The 5 Ts Tesla Triple Twenty Twenty Two ValueAnalyst1

Now playing Tesla by Haviah Mighty. Follow us and never miss a song.

So glad I bought the Tesla dip last week.. WOW TSLA

Intraday V s Tesla and other meme stocks going parabolic what is this 2021 again

Con eto precio my future parking lot better have a tesla

Whoever love to criticize Tesla and Musk should give them credit anyway stock price wise. It trade above 1 000. Invincible whatever happens out there.

Why did the Tesla cross the road

tesla on the move again guys. Good signal for projects that also ask the right question and are seeming to implement solution . btc ETH what do you guys think Anyone else see this relationship

crypto believers Tesla CEO Uber CEO Apple CEO Nvidia CEO PayPal CEO Airbnb CEO Google CEO Microsoft CEO Mastercard CEO Meta Co Founder Apple Co Founder Reddit Co Founder Twitch Co Founder Twitter Co Founder Morgan Stanley CEO Goldman Sachs CEO Charles CEO Credit Blockworks_

Tesla stocks

Wtf is going on with Tesla Stock Shit just goes up for no fn reason.

Jaylen s first car is really about to be a Tesla. I am so fucking jealous.

Tesla opens a Gigafactory in Germany to win back Europe s EV market TESLA on the uptrend this morning Let s get it

SPX up 8 in a week VERY rare. Handful of times in history. Yet FOMO pervades as everyone waits for the moon landing in mere days lol CALM DOWN. Mean reversion is a real thing amp pullbacks are healthy. Needs a dip under 4400. Tesla action is brainwashing people genius observation.

should I trade in my second car for a Tesla

It was certainly worth suffering through the downside Tesla stock. I was absolutely certain Elon would pull these new plants through the Finish date. My stock shares are now alive and well

tesla fans are the worst

tesla screaming short me to 860

jfc tesla

Tesla Stock soars past 1000

It took time but Japanese TESLA owners finally got 2022.4.5.3 update today... I hope we will get NOA and Smart summon feature very soon Any release date elonmusk

Wish I bought more Tesla now

dad telling me tesla s history

Imagine paying 40 000 50 000 60 000 70 000 or even 100 000 on a new car and it still runs on gas. Tesla TeslaModel3 TeslaModelY TeslaModelS

Getting my Tesla Saturday Couldn t be more excited Good job elonmusk. This is big for us.

Great trade on Tesla 2 2 for the week.

BREAKING TOO . SINCE I CAN NOT SAID FCK1NG SH1T BLAH BLAH .. SO I CHANGE BECOME OH TESLA WITH GRUMPY HEART . even i dunno i must break with who ‍

Tesla back over 1k holding or selling Selling on trading account holding on Revolut

Not I just seen a Tesla BA police car

Gigafactory Texas has started delivering Model Y s from it s national headquarters. elonmusk how does my transport company become an approved carrier for tesla

I don t understand why other TSLA bulls like these rallies I personally despise them as I prefer it stay in the doldrums allowing me to continue to load. Tesla

Can you charge tesla at third party chargers or do they have to be Tesla chargers

Nancy Pelosi husband just bought a boat load of TSLA Tesla EV ElonMusk

This is Mole James Mole with the latest insight into finance of a definate callibre.. Tesla shot up at opening..it s still dancing round the arena.. Apple went up soon after as a supporting role.. Intel of course just had to join in.. And Amazon for movies on the go is in too

My guy pakpakchicken just said he QUIT YouTube WHY cause of bullies. I remember watching a video by Jeromy last week reacting to one of Chicken s videos about Tesla stock.

Was going to buy a Mar 25th Tesla 1 000 option call on Monday for 800 but didn t cuz I m paying for moving expenses and deposits on stuff. That same call is worth 4 250 right now. 3 500 I missed out on and currently going up. Yay.

Tesla to the moon

Yessir Tesla

I heard that elonmusk loves video games. I hope he makes an esports team Tesla could be a good name for an org... just saying

Does Elon Musk think dressing like that makes people respect him This is Tesla not TJ Max

What is PRic508 gonna splurge on now that he s got a new contract I think the biggest thing is we ve always wanted to settle down and buy a house in Baltimore. That s the biggest thing. My wife needs a car and then besides that the biggest thing is I really want a Tesla.

Boiler today so far MSFT 6 loss fumbled BYND 40 gains NKE 65 gains AMZN 35 gains Yes I know we missed Tesla. kevintrades had a swing held though luckily lol

How difficult to copy Tesla cars AI software for other electric car companies is similar to try to make more bitcoin than 21M . But we know this is not possible. elonmusk

Last desperate gambit to prop meme stonks to provide whale exit liquidity is convenient right before Fed tighten and reckoning. Our price targets on overvalued phonies are as follows Tesla 420.69 Gamestop 42.69 AMC 4.69

If this Post get 1000 likes Tesla will hit 1000 this week. رنڈی_کابچہ یوم_پاکستان ستاون_اسلامی_مردے آخری_سانس_تک_عمران_خان SindhWantsFreedom JusticeForZiauddin ستاون_اسلامی_مردے pattoki

MULN on pace for another quarter bill volume..thats 11 days in a row over..well over quarter billion.12 month avg now 97 million daily. Second only to tesla in ev space.

Top 10 Assets by Market Cap ️ 1️⃣ Gold 12.3T 2️⃣ Apple 2.8T 3️⃣ Saudi Aramco 2.3T 4️⃣ Microsoft 2.3T 5️⃣ Alphabet 1.8T 6️⃣ Amazon 1.7T 7️⃣ Silver 1.4T 8️⃣ Tesla 1T 9️⃣ Bitcoin 800M Berkshire Hathaway 770M How long till BTC passes silver

They called my job asking if we have Tesla charging stations in our facility I said nah we don t. They was like why not I need to charge my Tesla. Oh okay just let me install a Tesla charging station for you sir give me a minute.

Estimated annual revenue in 5 years Amazon 1.1 trillion Apple 558 billion Alphabet 550 billion Meta 243 billion Tesla 218 billion Netflix 56 billion

Every Tesla driver here is the absolute worst. It s like they forget how to drive entirely when they get in one.

Hertz trading side by side with Tesla. Lmao love that for them

Tesla back to 1000 Let s go elonmusk

Moonshot Tesla prediction As part of Master Plan Pt 3 in an effort to massively scale battery production elonmusk will announce plans to use Starship to mine rare minerals from asteroids. Asteroids contain Nickel Iron and Manganese. tsla stevenmarkryan Gfilche

Still holding TSLA calls from yesterday s entry. If momentum and volume continue Tesla is off to another beast mode run. Congrats to those who got in stocks options daytrading swingtrading dayswingtrades

My Tesla stock is up 48 well done 18 year old me loooool

It s truly painful listening to Tesla people talk about cars...

. tedcruz what is so wrong with making every car a hybrid by law Why force everyone to electric only Ev s pay no road tax. You should correct this and plan for the duties l future. 500 yr tesla tax. The rich should pay their fair share

Congrats to every Tesla shareholder. Time in the market beats timing the market Warren Buffet.

Yesterday s tsla rise was in line with other publicly trading EV companies. Today s rise is purely a result of Tesla s amazing execution

You may live to see man made horrors beyond your comprehension. Nikola Tesla

So they can just control your Tesla Weird

How did I know that the tesla stunt that s been all over the news was someone associated with David dobrik like I just knew it

Got scared and sold my Tesla option 2k too early

TESLA is back at 1001

Tesla is good

I think Tesla TSLA will hit a all time high in the next few weeks. 1. The opening of the new Giga plant in Germany. 2. Sales are through the roof with profiting numbers. 3. 3 Quarter ends April 27 in the green.

apple 170 tesla 1030 .. done bull is shooting up.

Tesla I fuckin love you

Without Tesla citsecurities is poof GME.

Do anyone know how DirtyTesla records his Tesla display It s insane tbh.

Best performing large cap stocks in today s early trading Kanzhun BZ General Mills GIS Ecopetrol EC Aegon AEG Ovintiv OVV Occidental OXY Posco PKX Gold Fields GFI Tesla TSLA Petrobras PBR Pinduoduo PDD Hess HES Continental CLR Valero VLO BP Marathon Oil MRO IMO

Thank you much Tesla ️

I haven t bought one name during this rally thag wasn t more oil commodity or fertilizer I m sticking too what s working for me besides the few other names I own no Tesla no nvda nothing

When PLTR hit 10 I was considering selling my TSLA shares to load the boat on palantir. Then tesla kept going down and went below 800. I decided to add more tesla shares instead. Today I am extra grateful I made this decision. Love these two companies.

I ve applied and been rejected from Tesla five times despite having a fairly extensive resume and applicable experience 5 total years for said applied position. I think I ll just go ahead stop now no job is worth this much heartbreak.

Tesla will rule the world.

All we laugh is the tesla going to gas station for refill petrol.

Tesla has been performing so well

And just like that...all my positions held in Tesla are green. Let s see how long it lasts...

Bestest Someone just spotted a 2021 Tesla Model 3 Standard in Groningen Netherlands before anyone else did TeslaRadar Tesla Netherlands Model3

Aloha Someone just spotted a 2020 Tesla Model 3 Standard for the very first time in Groningen Netherlands TeslaRadar Tesla Netherlands Model3

Wow speedy74 was first to spot a yet unrecognizable Tesla vehicle in England United Kingdom TeslaRadar Tesla UnitedKingdom

Good job skatebambi was first to spot a 2020 Tesla Model 3 Dual Motor in Kronoberg Sweden TeslaRadar Tesla Sweden Model3

10 lucky person will win 10 000 in ETH 1.follow me 2.Rt amp like 3.Drop your wallet address BinanceAcademy coinbase Tesla elonmusk BillGates ShibSatoshiWeb3 ThePunkCrypto

Tesla semi Magnets in rims both sides coils wire in fenders 10 tires 10 brushless motor gen get rolling self propelled there you go done

Just took an Uber from the Tesla service centre and I think I may have sold another one BTW my SR is in for not being able to charge at a supercharger past 50Kw... Anyone had this issue ElonMusk

I tell you tesla. My baby tesla lt 3 and also nvda avg down and small gamble

TSLA is now trading over 1 000. Which means Tesla market capitalization is now over 1T. Do you believe LCID will ever hit 1T

Tesla up stocks

Tesla went from 760 to 1 030 in two weeks

TSLA Yesterday might have just been the whole EV sector rallying but if you looked at LCID and RIVN today you know this is pure Tesla strength

I don t have tesla stock in my wallet and I lose in short Brent Dogecoin finance système is not working

TSLA HOLY SHIT IM PISSED lol I m usually all over Tesla but been distracted with the indexes. Congrats to everyone banking HEAVY here SHEESHH

TSLA Tesla Inc 1 026.90 32.92 3.31 check_circle_filled AAPL Apple Inc 170.37 1.54 0.92 check_circle_filled MSFT Microsoft Corporation 302.01 2.05 0.67 check_circle_filled FB Meta Platforms Inc 215.65 1.00 0.46 check_circle_filled

I fully support right to repair. Just saying. The amount of manufacturers that seemingly get away with locking components to their devices looking at you Apple and Tesla and John Deere is inexcusable and capitalism at its worst.....

so we all watched the flying tesla video last week right

Dodge really got folks out here thinking they re in GTA. They gonna outlaw these mf cats amp scats hellcat dodge charger challenger cars fast AVAX ELDENRING Russia jeru Tesla

there s a tesla in front of me with a biden sticker which i find rlly funny for some reason

The perfect car in my opinion would be Tesla s 0 60 and user interface Lucid s amount of storage and range and Taycan s looks and fit and finish quality control and unlimited customization.

NOW THIS. Pawn a brand new Tesla on SNAPCHAT ADVERTISEMENTS INSTANTLY

Losing weight doesn t mean losing unhealthy FAT. Lower your body fat and reduce hidden visceral fat with our dual F.M.S. technology FMS Elite Tesla Body Former. Get started on our Doctor supervised programs now DM us for a FREE consultation SayYesToMarieFrance

As a big fan of elonmusk and Tesla I m holding a rewarding activity. Retweet and comment this tweet and Elon Musk. If your retweet or comment is liked by Elon I will reward you a Tesla Model 3. If our account is followed by Elon I will reward 5 Tesla Model 3 to 5 people

What if you make buttons on a website similar to Tesla door handles webdev

Tesla is cool

Ahoy Taurec was first to spot a 2021 Tesla Model 3 Dual Motor in North Rhine Westphalia Germany TeslaRadar Tesla Germany Model3

There s a definite positive correlation between Tesla s stock price and the amount of hate directed at elonmusk

I ve used to almost never see any American cars in London. In 12 years I think I saw two Fords. But that s changed over the last two years with 1 25 cars I see being American thanks to Tesla.

Good job Taurec nailed it by spotting a 2020 Tesla Model 3 Standard in North Rhine Westphalia Germany as the first player TeslaRadar Tesla Germany Model3

The world needs more Tesla cars the space needs more Starship Rockets Earth needs more like ElonMusk GHC .

Men will literally give away a tesla as a meme instead of going to therapy.

Tesla in Cars Starship in rockets iPhone in mobiles and Coin in BSC GHC

Idk tesla has lesbo vibe to me but eins has bi vibe

There is always criticism for ITC on ESG front. But not many are aware of it s ESG rating. its AA which is more than Apple Tesla and Reliance.

I m wanna order a tesla but I don t know which one to get

hey elonmusk someone stole my Tesla can i change its name to Edison

Hi my dream is to buy a Tesla which is not important because they are all S3XY so in the end there will be my BTC address and if someone will want to give me something i would really appreciate it BTC adress 3PM9RkgT2Kg2nHgat1xDhWsv4F1hLrJQaH Tesla Bitcoin FTX ElonMusk

ESG rating for few prominent companies Apple A Tesla A Maruti BB Brittania BB Bosch BBB Reliance BB and ITC AA. ITC ESG investing Investment StockMarketindia

Today s morning amidst Near Gear Jeremy sexes 05 Tesla nationalists Richard gets moronically run over by a premium supercar and James masturbates 09 Egyptian preschoolers.

Tesla is amazing

TSLA winnings of initial BTC investment 313759286 23.24 Realized 272 M Estimating an average buy price of 35000 BTC with now 38 700 BTC holdings BTCUSD Tesla Bitcoin crypto

I can pick a new company car and it has to be electric. I want an SUV. Which one should I pick Audi E tron Tesla Model Y BMW iX3 Other ....

wtf this guy in 7 11 had cops come for him and i thought he was a crack head and hes here in a tesla model 3

They say....we are moving away from Oil amp Gas. To precious metals amp Tesla Free Energy amp Other Technologies. Millions of new technologies for people to work with..yes Industries Companies will be shutdown under the weight of their own corruption.

Why is our Uber a Tesla

Some unresolved issuses with Mlle Du Parc that lost of her death there at Jean Racine continue to haunt. That drove Tesla to be alone maybe shouldve been dealt w earlier maybe needed to.

With own showroom and warehouse near the port. New and Used Electric Vehicle Cars company Qingdao Uniland Whatsapp 86 13235327113 Email lovisa uni auto.cn BYD XPENG NIO TESLA VM NISSAN PEUGEOT AUDI VW BAIC HONGQI DENZA CHANGAN SOL HONDA ID4X ID4CROZZ ID6X

It s something that only be weighted in the in between lives life plans there was no purpose to Tesla or Berhardt to ever be together clearly strange to see her loop when she have had nothing to do w me.

OIL experts on BBG indicate above 120usd demand destruction starts to set in well we re there and question is at what price do hard commodity s cause the same effect. Read also on BBG replacing a battery bed in ev s is 28000 USD. Crikey. That s for a Tesla.

One thing I ve learnt in the history of investments and some bets I ve made in the past. One of them being Tesla in the early days. If you ve got a CEO and leaders in a business that keep pushing you bet on them. This is very much the case with my ape bet.

Finally got around to reading a biography of Nikola Tesla. About midpoint through the book I learn that he was an antisemite. But according to the author in a way that most everybody was antisemitic back then. Makes me no longer so curious about Tesla s life.

Best Stocks Crypto and ETFs to Watch Apple Tesla Dogecoin Fedex in Focus. By Alan Farley. Updated Mar 13 ...

CPCA Preliminary projections put the narrow passenger car retail market at around 1.580 million units in March down 10.4 YoY. TSLA Tesla

Mirroring Tesla stayed at home alone refuse to leave like Tesla why. Shouldnt matter for my own choices in one life into her Lily is not in fact the cloest soul wise no

From Tesla to the periphery .

Whoopee ThomasHolsboer 1 just spotted a 2021 Tesla Model 3 Dual Motor for the very first time in South Holland Netherlands TeslaRadar Tesla Netherlands Model3

Wicked ThomasHolsboer 1 just spotted a 2022 Tesla Model Y Dual Motor in South Holland Netherlands before anyone else did TeslaRadar Tesla Netherlands ModelY

Ass kicking ThomasHolsboer 1 was first to spot a 2020 Tesla Model 3 Dual Motor in South Holland Netherlands TeslaRadar Tesla Netherlands Model3

Brilliant Someone just spotted a 2020 Tesla Model 3 Dual Motor in Hamburg Germany before anyone else did TeslaRadar Tesla Germany Model3

Tesla is the best

Shorts 19 risk eth 27th May 2000 puts 1 dot 2 tesla 2 ada

Current Tesla Price 1 014.58

I almost jus bought a Tesla right now

CATL has built a zero carbon battery factory in Yibin Sichuan province the first of its kind in the world the battery supplier to Tesla said today. We will achieve carbon neutrality in our global sites in the future CATL added. TSLA

I d like a sunshine charging mode in my Tesla . Charge only when there is plenty renewable engergy in my region. Ideally i would get some cashback. Could elonmusk sell such feature as balance electricity

Hey guys I just want to let y all know that if I 1k follwers in the next 2 weeks my parents will buy me a tesla D BTW THIS IS A JOKE IF YOU WANT TO FOLLOW ME THAT S OK BUT IF YOU DON T THAT S OK TOO AND ALSO I WILL NOT GET TESLAS D

Retweet If You Want Tesla To Accept BMFloki

Tesla trading like Bitcoin

Thou dawn upon On Gear Jeremy finds 4 Navajo extremists Richard legit no cap fuckin gets dumbassedly airstruck by a 978 BC camel car and James sexes 5 Tesla gacha players.

As the Russian IT sector hemorrhages young talent let us all reflect on the spectacle of old uneducated people opting to return to an imagined past. Will we see a Brexit brain drain Tesla Intel et al clearly seem to think so. If you re well qualified and ambitious why stay

Returns Last 10 Years... Bitcoin BTC 890 500 Tesla TSLA 12 717 NVIDIA NVDA 7 791 Netflix NFLX 2 323 Amazon AMZN 1 643 AMD AMD 1 284 Domino s DPZ 1 137 Microsoft MSFT 1 033 Apple AAPL 816 Google GOOGL 770 S amp P 500 SPY 283 Gold GLD 4

Fair Tesla bearish point Model S amp X sales have been weak lately Sales Tesla Model S amp X 2021 gt 24 980 Porsche Taycan 2021 gt 41 296 Tesla Model S amp X 2018 gt 99 394

every now and then i laugh at that line in jailbreak the tesla where hes like your car go vroom my car go silence

I expect electric cars are going to destroy the supercar brands. Who wants to make hundreds of thousands for a Tesla with an Italian designed body that doesn t go vroom vroom

Lone Tesla stock doing wondersssss should ve bought more

So chance meeting in a cafe means Tesla is Jean Racine amp the Lily Mlle connection went as far as conincidences like that huh.

Guys I shorted Tesla come and cry with me

Daily Tech news 2 AMD Days Sale is now live on Flipkart Google Photos new look unveiled to begin rolling out in coming weeks Musk dances in front of drone at Tesla s German factory new video surfaces

tesla is the next tesla. Marry. You did t lead shit.

Tesla in Cars Starship in rockets iPhone in mobiles and Coin in BSC.

Okay so step 1 get a tesla

Car rental giant Hertz has added the Tesla Model Y to its rental fleet TSLA tesla

Tesla s Bitcoin treasure is now worth 1 674 888 648 USD 23.9 323 157 397 USD bitcoin

Elon Musk s dancing is really cool and sunny I like his performance and happy mood. Hope Europe Tesla business taking the rocket to the higher area

who was going to tell me that david bowie plays nikola tesla of all people in the prestige thats such a random cast

Dogecoin is rallying hard today and Tesla CEO ElonMusk has nothing to do with the most recent price spike.

Elon Musk says won t sell Bitcoin ether or dogecoin ... World s richest person and Tesla s SpaceX Chief Executive Officer CEO Elon Musk...

Dogecoin DOGE briefly jumped as much as 10 during Asian trading hours on Monday after Tesla CEO Elon Musk said in a tweet that he is not...

Hey elonmusk I m looking for a job at tesla. But my resumé won t meet the expectations. I think some of my credentials will help me if I get personally interviewed by you. If you could dm me I could share it. Hope I can be part of something that i m excited and have passion for.

Tesla in Cars Starship in rockets iPhone in mobiles and Coin in BSC. GHC GHCArmy

Wicked Someone was first to spot a 2021 Tesla Model 3 Dual Motor in Hamburg Germany TeslaRadar Tesla Germany Model3

Aloha Someone just spotted a 2021 Tesla Model Y Dual Motor in Hamburg Germany before anyone else did TeslaRadar Tesla Germany ModelY

Ppl can be misled easily by phenomenon or appearance like some suggest the one company who can make spaceship while yet not knowing it being a nazi car maker to make planes. While if Tesla makes planes its death hole can make numerous crashes deliberately.

Tonight amidst On Gear Jeremy eats 6 Tesla monkeys Richard fucking gets stupidly run over by a 20s horse and carriage and James explodes with C4 9 Colombian orphans.

Current Tesla Price 1 010.50

Way to go ThomasHolsboer 1 nailed it by spotting a 2022 Tesla Model 3 Dual Motor in South Holland Netherlands as the first player TeslaRadar Tesla Netherlands Model3

Top 5 public companies holding the most btc 1. Microstrategy mstr 125 051 BTC 2. Tesla Tsly est 43 200 BTC 3. Terra Luna 18 423 BTC for now 4. Galaxy digital Glxy 16 402 BTC 5. Square Sq 8 027 BTC

going to buy a tesla

And that is why your rival Nikola Tesla has surpassed you.

Tesla Inc. TSLA surprised the market with Q1 result. J.P. Morgan Chase changed the rating to Buy as Tesla Inc. TSLA is undervalued given its projected growth.

Whoopee TheBigSmol nailed it by spotting a 2021 Tesla Model 3 Standard in England United Kingdom as the first player TeslaRadar Tesla UnitedKingdom Model3

Wow Someone nailed it by spotting a yet unrecognizable Tesla vehicle in North Rhine Westphalia Germany as the first player TeslaRadar Tesla Germany

Had a dream that a was elonmusk chauffer driving his kid in a BMW i9 like Tesla sports car.

imagine being a creator and spending 150 000 on a Tesla just to do reckless driving ON PURPOSE that money could be used for soooo many better causes and things. not only that but that s so dangerous. some people don t deserve money or clout. it s so sad.

Throughout the mankind the world has witnessed great who shaped the world today as it is But Nikola Tesla and ElonMusk are the G.O.A.T the world have ever seen. GHC Coin

You can t watch BBManzi and expect to understand or know Nikola Tesla Theory

China should sue Boeing and the Tesla of deliberately allowing their death hole AI bugs to kill the innocent.

In case it is not known tesla s advanced Robotics company is based in Germany and has recently been expanded. tsla

Tesla stock prediction for Thursday March 24 close at 995 today tsla

Hi elonmusk I m an ordinary person who is trying to help his family I help raise my younger sister and younger brother please help me with work I beg you. Tesla SpaceX nytimes mayemusk thesheetztweetz EvaFoxU

AltSwitch is on a parabolic run have reflections in token of your choice DYOR parabolic passiveincome BSCGem Giveaways Tesla SHIB VOLTARMY VOLTARMY BabyDogeCoin FLOKI Metaverse gaming NFTs cryptocurrency ZombieMob SAFEMOON LetUsIn AdamEShelton Yourpop8

I really want to ride a Tesla electric car. The moment Dogecoin becomes 1. It seems that dream will come true. When will my dream come true Let s work together to make Dogecoin more than 1. Dreams come true doge dogecoin tesla elonmusk electriccar elonmusk

Tesla opens their car production plant in the backyard of German car manufacturers BMW Audi amp VW. The opening was attended by elonmusk and the German Chancellor Germany

All OEMs have chip shortage Tesla only has battery shortage. What does that tell you tsla

Stocktwits make this statement. Bloomberg. Memestocks Tesla went for a run todayAMC TSLAand GME took the top three trending spots for a bit on Stocktwits in that order. Today was a big day for all three albeit for different reasons. Here s what happened in case you missed it

sir like tesla do you also plan to bring the boring company outside of US to solve the traffic problems where it is the need of the hour a brief elonmusk theboringcompany teslaownersSV Tesla

My Tesla is too fast for my own good

SURPRISE Purchasing a brand new Tesla on FACEBOOK MARKETPLACE NOW

Way to go skatebambi nailed it by spotting a yet unrecognizable Tesla vehicle in Kronoberg Sweden as the first player TeslaRadar Tesla Sweden

Dude TheBigSmol just spotted a 2021 Tesla Model 3 Dual Motor for the very first time in England United Kingdom TeslaRadar Tesla UnitedKingdom Model3