

The best way to predict a future is to create it
#2022MoneyYear
#LoudnLit
#AffiliatedNG

Really excited about the @fireflyprotocol user and test experience.
These guys really have a great future, we wish them good luck!

Apple really wants to make sure we don’t carry any wallets in the near future.  In some States you can add your drivers licence and ID to your wallet app

Future I-Pin is loosely based from the main character of Akira Amano's previous work, Petit Petit Rabbit.#PinBott

Maybe Dhoni wants to groom the future captain of CSK under his presence only, that's why he stepped down.
Dhoni's masterstrokes are always correct 🔥 let's look at the positive side of things :)💛

One of the greatest captain in ipl history now stepped down ....its a heart breaking moment for csk fans hope jadeja continue his legecy in future for csk ...

One word for ms : thank u MS 
I m not csk fans but  always fell in love with his captaincy 
#CSK𓃬 #dhoni #jadeja

NFTs are the future 🔥

Great to hear @BBCr4today broadcasting from Birmingham again. Took too long to properly get out of London into the regions but better late than never. Thought Rishi had a slightly tetchy and wobbly start for a possible future PM, but he settled and came across well.

The fall of the day, in exchange for the improvement of the future

i’m the ceo of avoiding present problems and creating even bigger problems in the future

The project looks very interesting. I have high hopes for it in the future. I hope I am not the only one. There are many more.
#GRN #GRNGRID #SustainableBlockchain #DeFi #cryptocurrency

I literally have my whole future planned now, the problem is if it'll go smoothly 🥹

Conservatives “We will.   We are going to.  We instead.  In the future. Bringing forward we intend to”.  Blah blah blah.    How does that help people struggling now?   They are the manyana party.    Always tomorrow #ToriesUnfitToGovern #JohnsonMustGo #JohnsonTheLiar

For example... White, did we have any plans for the future?

Some day, in the not-too-distant future, there will be a film. It will celebrate female Ivy League swimmers. The baddies will be Liar Thomas and each and every person and institution who enabled this.
#SaveWomensSports
#WomenWontWheesht

If you want a picture of the future, imagine a car crash stabbing on a bird's eyebrow — sometimes

The future leaders of #Afghanistan require a safe environment to educate themselves without being pressured about their education! @AUAfghanistan 
#EducationPrevails 
#EvacuateAUAFStudents

So interested in engaging with community health and research I hope I get funding to do it on a larger scale in the future

Maybe Quitting YouTube
WELL BOYS, I might quit YouTube because of the lack of quality videos or I'd quit entirely and not come back *cough* *cough* clout gatherers, well I "might" quit YouTube but I am not too sure... but the future may hold surprises for me? I don't know...

Once the USA ship sinks (and it's close), Europe will follow.

China and India are the future.

Lmao we are promoting yahoo boy content on the TL? 

I’m not complaining o, just reconfirming for future conversations

"For I know the plans I have for you, Declares the Lord, plans to Prosper you and Not to Harm you, plans to give you Hope and a Future." Jr 29:11
Be blessed My Friends 🙏🏾

the future, in fiction, is metaphor

Setting up of IIA totally unacceptable...then what is the scope and future of members and students of @theicai...CCM's should strongly oppose the issue..Requesting @theicai should give press meet on this issue.. @AniketTalati @drdebashismitra

N!gga trinna get some p&amp;ssy because his baby momma got tired of his shit he went for the ez and Low , prob got some aids or shit 😬 but baby momma ova here trinna work for her baby 😳 Praise thos mommas that dont need no N!gga to have a future 🖖🏼

Cross border CBDC interoperability is one of the biggest future opportunities in the Fintech sector at the moment.

And $QNT does not have any competition 🔥

$QNT will facilitate faster payments and CBDC interoperability between:

~Europe
~UK
~South America
~North America

Don't worry about the future
Or worry, but know that worrying
Is as effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by chewing Bubble gum
The real troubles in your life
Are apt to be things that never crossed your worried mind.

Happiness is there when you remove the sense of something missing in your life. When nothing is missing, your mind shuts down and stops running into the past or future to regret something or to plan something. #freefromdesire

Now ask William what he did to help a biracial pregnant woman who had suicidal thoughts because he and his wife Kate conspired with the tabloids to destroy her. In exchange for positive headlines like future perfect King and Queen. William is a racist hypocrite.

I’ve been considering the campervan idea still with future bubs. 

Others don’t think it’s a great idea. 

Just saw a couple who have been travelling in one for 4 years &amp; had their first child &amp; now expecting twins! 

Not really helping trying to convince me out of the idea! 😳

Just purchased @BoschGlobal @boschindia Front load washing maching and called 18001217536 
#wtf this call support #SHIT they pick and cut your call and when they pick they talk so bloody rudely… what the hell is this service #bosch How will you live upto the warranties in future

#Kep1er prediction!
- Injury,they are gonna be overworked
- Close friendships formed (not everyone is close to eachother)
- Money and achievements
- They will bond more as a group in the future
- Member going through anxiety issues, it will get better
- Some rumor...

This is heart breaking hearing all these people petrified for the future! 
I wonder how high the suicide rate will go in the next few months! #JeremyVine

If you ignore the past, you jeopardize the future.

Recently I can't stop dwelling on the fact that at some point in the future the stars will go out and there will never again be intelligent life anywhere, for ever more. People who say they're not bothered by this either haven't thought it through or are psychopaths.

Guðrún has a dream of 11 red wolfs, representing the future betrotheds of her aunt.

This just in:
The end is in our future!

Well, I have basically no assets, so the only things I can give you are time, emotions, the future, a life, and other vague stuff like that.

The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams -Eleanor Roosevelt 
#PeaceDay

How it will be the relation between beings and science in the future?

In the near future, when one will think of an #asset, one will automatically think of an #nft. NFT technology is bigger than just images and cartoon collections.

Missing you. I’m not afraid to admit it. If things get tough and you feel all alone, think of the future where you’re successful and thriving in what you want to do. You never know what tomorrow is going to bring.

Then again, you’re strong, I know somehow you’ll get through it.

Now I remember why I dropped out of school the first damn time. Working full time and trynna be fully involved in education is not it. 
I have to do both though. 
I got bills now and a future to build. I’m grateful overall for both opportunities. Just Stressed

#Qanda Govts need to stop viewing payments as "welfare" &amp; start viewing them as investments in our future. 

They "trickle down" far more effectively than largesse to the big end of town.

Still making my way through @talent_io's Tech Salary Report 2022.
It's interesting to see how quickly working in the office went practically extinct.
Only 6% of companies consider working onsite a model for their future, with hybrid remote/onsite models being "the new norm".

Why is married to the game by future not on Apple Music!???still

I need to regain my focus and continue to aim for the best future possible. A lot of things been throwing me so off track. We live and learn.

Right then—how’s your imagination? I mean, are you capable of surging forward into the future?

Solution Very and lifeless, vague
Paradise or and possibly into the future is too close

Localism is one of the best ways we can grow as a town and rejuvenate. Luckily, that’s starting to happen here in Grimsby and I’m excited for the future of this town.

Watch this space 🚀

the lady boss acknowledged my output and told everyone that i have a great potential which will lead me to a bright future 🥺✨

It is a perfect plan???

How do we choose what path to take??

We don’t know what the future will hold, but we know that he is good and will bring what he (God) began to completion (Philippians 1:6).

#explore #explorepage

There's a lot of people complaining about Theo's big night last night and tbh, I'm super happy for him. It's been a tough season for the 20 year old (yes, he's 20) and he's been criticized heavily.

20 year olds take time. Idk if his future is with us but gg Theo. Happy for you🔥

The future is #NFTs 🖤

Marketers of the future need to think dark academia influencers, but execute optimised for chatbots.

i just completed a testnet version of firefly exchange interface for the web application, was quite impressed with its seamless and easy use, will definitely look forward to the mainet in the nearest future.

kudos  @fireflyprotocol

friends check it out

@Zemira25320701

Gianni Stensness looks like a baller for the future tho. #AUSvJPN

This is a very strong project and my favorite projects!I think this project will gain a lot more popularity in the future.I request everyone to come and see the project! Everyone can participate Bounty progra.
#SustainableBlockchain #GRN #GRNGRID #Defi #cryptocurrency

Queen Elizabeth's grandson Prince William expresses  profound sorrow about slavery in a speech in Jamaica.  He said slavery was abhorrent &amp; should never have happened saying that while the pain ran deep Jamaica continued to forge its future with determination, courage &amp; fortitude

This is a very extraordinary project that has a slick purpose, and is very loyal to the vision and mission, wishing you more success for the future 

@carakwb
@CungNgu8
@Vladisl9a
 @moneta_holdings
 #stabila #stb #forex #trading #cryptonews

Infinite Lee Sungjong on today's MMTG.... who knows, we'll get Infinite in full lineup on that show in the future too 😭😭😭

Future belongs to India that’s make me confident to put my money in the stock market. Thanks to Sanjeev and Anil Sir. #WealthCreationDay #ZeeBusiness

Is this the future and where I'm gonna be?

#SPCApolakiAAyOki 
#SPCiansIgniteTheFire
#SPCMetanoia 
#SPCIntramurals2022

Future restoration of Israel Isaiah 4:3 KJV
[3] And it shall come to pass, that he that is left in Zion, and he that remaineth in Jerusalem, shall be called holy, even every one that is written among the living in Jerusalem:

#Clock24 #Clockx24 #C24 #foxcampaigns #Farming #Autocompounding #pool #stakingRewards
 This project is very strong and high standard project.This project future is very bright.This is a project with clear roadmap and experienced working team's. So everyone support the project.

i rlly want to have ps5 in the future,,,,, is it expensive 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭

#Mahi hands over captaincy of @ChennaiIPL to #Jaddu 
Congratulations to @imjadeja 
Being a Thala and kind of person he is this was expected from him. He groomed Virat as captain before leaving intl. cricket and now he is grooming Jadeja for the future of #CSK𓃬 
#IPL2022

Please RT: Update re my interview with Radio Ombudsman on 18th January 2022.

The publication of my interview is being delayed as a consequence of legal concerns, which I hope will be remedied in the near future.

Thank you for your support.

A super powerful project of The Future.Strong project with skilled and professional team members.#DeFi #TeleFy #DEX #cryptocurrency #Ethereum #BinanceSmartChain #Bitcoin #Airdrop #polkadot #MATIC #Polygon $TELE #Cardano #ETH

The world is broken the flat earth theorists won life is 2 dimensional fuck society there’s no hope in the future or has it always been this way

This project in the future will bring its investors a good profit and  team which make that to be one of the successful project.#MGL SMGL
#MGL #MGL #Metagamersland #Play2earn #Crypto #BSCGem #Binance #BinanceSmartchain

The current proliferation of high-rise residential flats fosters a negative culture where a focus on short-term profits prevails.The lifespan of a modern reinforced concrete and curtain wall building can be as short as 60 years. We're not building for the future. @hackneycouncil

March auction for #brd is tomorrow. We know great sales result for first two months of 2022. 

Expecting Q1 reports within first week of April to predict the future of @_BlueRock. If report shows BRD is on track to produce 40,000 carats, then re-rate of share price is imminent.

Safe to risky investments for a beginner in the stock market:

1) Index ETFs
2) Mutual Funds
3) Smallcases (baskets of stock)
4) Large cap stocks
5) Mid cap stocks
6) Small cap stocks
7) Future and options

Which level are you on?

Oh no Russia is making more nuclear threats! Whatever will we do? No future for Russia with Putin other than as a smoking shitball. And I'm going to be singing down the phone to more of your ambassadors.

Succession planning helps identify future potential leaders, the development employees require to successfully fulfil these roles, and the timescales likely to apply #successionplanning #talentretention #HRtip

No matter what happens in the future, I want to share with you.

hello future is still my favorite era everything was perfect from the concept, teaser photos, track video, additional songs, promotions and the song itself aaaaa i will be patiently waiting for ur sister  🫂

This message is a warning and a reminder for any surviving Jedi: trust in the Force. Do not return to the Temple. That time has passed, and our future is uncertain.

How the metaverse could impact the world and the future of technology?

And if he knew exactly what the future foretold, he would have held on just ever so tighter. 
 tightrope walking by moomoomeep AO3

One is selling coffee,she has been given negative feedback so probably in the near future she will improve her product,the other also sells her "good,product" to soldiers,the more she sells it,the more it diminishes, let's wait and see who will be in business in the future😌

That being said, the future isn't decided. You can't be sure each day will be like the one before.

#NFTs are the future

This project has good dynamics of growth, I recommend the project as one of the most interesting in the market, chance of the better future. #Sorex #sorexIO #airdrop #eth #bsc #avax #ftm #crypto #Giveaway

The space cowboy is in deep space. It's about familial love. The genre/topic: past and future. Word length: 4000

The loving feeling of shock because of a stranger's future 🙉

Here's my final OC:
Future the Stoat.

Age: 19
Loves: Ramen

Skills: Super rich

plz like

I've promised to MEI to stay by your side. We've traveled the lands and saw rebirth of a new human civilization. Why do you make that choice, Kevin? You know very well that STIGMA will destroy humanity's future.

igcse will be the death of me its like my future depends on it thats the way i will get outta this country

'twas an amazing, cozy, chaotic gartic stream and there'll definitely be more in the future! Thank you @chrstnstreams and @Kittendo64 for the raids and trusting/sharing your communities with me! They were lots of fun! Brought the party over to @WillYuTV afterwards! Cheers!🥂

Here’s the secret yea?
Get a Reliable Real Estate Company, look for a good estate in a good location with a promising future and BUY plot(s).
Just BUY!!! Buy as much as you can!
There are flexible payment plans. MAKE USE OF IT!!!

My wife shared a journal entry with me last night of her secret “dreams for the future if everything was perfect”.

Added them to my 6 months goals as soon as she slept. 

Nothing less is acceptable now. 

Find the perfect girl, have tons of kids and give ‘em the world bros.😎🤝

3 million Americans are affected by coagulation defects, which many health insurers consider pre-existing conditions. If the ACA is repealed, people with coagulation defects could lose their health care and be excluded from accessing care in the future.

This step is a step towards the future!

Now I won’t be surprised if Byju’s owner becomes the richest man in the world in the near future. Unbelievable! #FIFA #byjus

When I was in college supporting evidence was key. Half ass evidence and no sources cited meant you failed. It’s a simple concept but yet ppl will believe everything on the internet. Sometimes I fall into this trap too. Proof of evidence is vital to the future of this space. #rug

I've turned private off. I aim in the future to just make this a chill space. My main new rule for engagement, which I think is important to counter my own vices, is to not reply to any tweets just because they annoyed me.

It's time there was a serious debate about the future of the Monarchy, they are a burden on the taxpayer! @RoyalFamily @ClarenceHouse @KensingtonRoyal 
Who exactly is paying for #PrinceAndrew settlement? 
Who is paying for the Jubilee extravaganza?

Who are the children of the future? I should like to answer: the people who renounce domination and the dreams of rule, people who are not victorious and to not dream of victories, but who open themselves and their institutions in creative receptivity towards...